bonny,COMP3111,Final Exam,Software Engineering
bonny,COMP3111,Quiz1,Software Engineering
bonny,COMP3111,Middle Exam,Software Engineering
bonny,COMP3111,Quiz3,Software Engineering
bonny,COMP5111,Final Exam,Software EngineeringII
bonny,COMP5111,Quiz1,Software EngineeringII
bonny,COMP3511,Final Exam,Operating System
bonny,COMP3511,Quiz2,Operating System
bonny,COMP4462,Quiz1,data visualization
bonny,COMP4462,Quiz2,data visualization
bonny2,COMP4462,Quiz1,data visualization
bonny2,COMP4462,Quiz2,data visualization
aaaaa,COMP4462,Quiz1,data visualization
aaaaa,COMP4462,Quiz2,data visualization
aaaaa,COMP3111,Midterm Exam,software engineering
aaaaa,COMP3111,Middle Exam,software engineering
aaaaa,COMP3111,Quiz1,software engineering
aaaaa,COMP3111,Quiz3,software engineering
bonny3,COMP4462,Quiz1,data visualization
bonny3,COMP4462,Quiz2,data visualization
Stud,COMP4462,Quiz1,data visualization
Stud,COMP4462,Quiz2,data visualization
Stud,COMP3111,Midterm Exam,software engineering
Stud,COMP3111,Middle Exam,software engineering
Stud,COMP3111,Quiz1,software engineering
Stud,COMP3111,Quiz3,software engineering
